docs: Refresh docs for SQL input source (#17031)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/mysql.md

To use this Apache Druid extension, [include](../../configuration/extensions.md#loading-extensions) `mysql-metadata-storage` in the extensions load list.

> The MySQL extension lets you use MySQL as a metadata store or ingest from a MySQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the MySQL extension, you can use MySQL as a metadata store or ingest from a MySQL database.
```

  CREATE DATABASE druid DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8mb4;

  -- create a druid user

>   CREATE USER 'druid'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'druid';

Reviewer: FWIW i think `diurd`  is an intentional misspelling for the password.
